Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
On Capitol Hill today.
a bipartisan call for more
government transparency on UFOs.
or as the military calls them.
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena. UAPs.
The objects have been detected
essentially where all operations.
Navy operations are being
conducted across the world.
The technology
that we faced was far superior
than anything we have currently
or we're gonna have in the next 20 years.
Unidentified aerial phenomena
are a potential national security threat
and they need to be treated that way.
United States government
has gathered a great deal of information
about UAPs over many decades.
but has refused to share it
with the American people.
That is wrong. and additionally.
it breeds mistrust.
I spent 11 years in the US Navy
as a fighter pilot.
For 18 years.
I flew fighters for the US Navy.
I spent 20 years working
in the US intelligence community.
I served as the fourth
Director of National Intelligence.
I spent 25 years
as a senior official with the CIA.
I retired from the Navy as a one-star
admiral after 32 years of service.
I worked on highly classified UAP programs
for the government as a senior scientist.
I spent 32 years in and out
of government in national security.
I've worked 28 years as an astrophysicist
on highly classified UAP programs
for the United States government
and for the defense industry.
I'm a professor
in the department of pathology
at Stanford University School of Medicine.
And for the last ten years or so.
I've been working
with the Department of Defense
and people in the CIA on the UAP topic.
I've come to the conclusion that
we are not only not alone in the universe.
but we have been discovered
by an intelligence
from some other part of the universe.
There's evidence we are not alone.
Humanity is not the only
intelligent species in the universe.
We're not alone in the universe.
I wouldn't be so arrogant to suggest
there are no other
forms of life out there.
Humanity is not the only intelligence
in the universe.
UAPs are real.
They're here and they're not human.
There are other intelligences
that have highly advanced exotic craft
interacting with the human population.
They are here. This is real.
It's happening. It's happening now.
Non-human intelligence exists.
It's been interacting with humanity
and it's been doing so
on this planet for a long time.
We are not the only intelligent
life form in the universe.
There's something here on the planet
with us that is intelligent
and more intelligent than us.
This is the biggest discovery
in human history.
My name is Lue Elizondo.
In 2009. my life changed forever.
That's when I was recruited into
a highly sensitive government program
that investigated
Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon. UAP.
also commonly known as UFOs.
My work for the US government goes back
almost 30 years
to when I joined the US Army.
From there. I had the good fortune
of being recruited into various programs
within military intelligence.
During my career. I served my country
around the world.
managing and directing missions.
including counter-narcotics.
counter-espionage.
counter-terrorism and counter-insurgency.
And it was later in my career
that I actually began running
special access programs
for the US government.
and in some cases reported
directly to the White House
and the National Security Council.
My name is Jay Stratton.
and for over 16 years
on behalf of the US government.
I worked as a senior intelligence official
on the UAP topic.
I joined the Army at the age of 17
and left for a career
in military intelligence
with eight combat deployments.
including Iraq and Afghanistan.
After the Army.
I joined Naval Intelligence.
and then I transitioned
to the Defense Intelligence Agency.
where I was the chief
of air and space warfare
inside of the Defense Warning office.
It was at the DIA that my colleagues
and I started getting reports
of what are now called UAP.
We went all over the government.
pentagon. every intelligence agency.
anywhere we could think to try to find
the UAP program. assuming there was one.
As far as we could tell.
no one in the United States government
had a UAP program.
so my colleagues and I
began a new program.
which ultimately became AATIP.
The Advanced Aerospace
Threat Identification Program. AATIP.
The funding
for this effort was sponsored by
then Senate majority leader
Senator Harry Reid.
And together myself.
Jay Stratton and our team
for nearly a decade investigated
UAP incidents around the world.
Based on hard evidence and data.
we learned that UAPs
present serious national security concerns
and a potential existential threat.
Simply put. transmedium crafts.
vehicles that have the capability
to operate in space. air.
and water. and seemingly defy
all that humanity knows about physics
have been operating with complete impunity
around the world since at least the 1940s.
At AATIP. we had access
to some of the most sensitive videos
in the Department of Defense inventory.
If you could be in my shoes and see what
I've seen. and folks like Jay Stratton.
there would be zero shadow of a doubt
that these things are real
and they are not made by humans.
The things that I've seen.
the clearest videos.
the best evidence that we have
that these are non-human intelligence
remain classified.
The classified data that we had access to
when we joined the program
was indisputable.
There's 80 years of this data
that the public isn't even aware of.
I have seen with my own eyes
non-human craft and non-human beings.
For 23 years and ten months.
I was in the United States Air Force
as an A-10 pilot.
And while I was at NORAD.
I witnessed an event
that I will remember forever.
There was a unknown object
we were tracking on radars.
And the commander says.
"I want that target."
That means intercept it.
Fighters all the way down
the eastern seaboard were scrambled.
and none of the fighters were successful
in intercepting or running it down.
We were unable to maintain
air sovereignty over North America.
On November 14th. 2004.
we were onboard the USS Nimitz.
which is a nuclear aircraft carrier.
I was the most senior person
in the squadron flying.
I had launched off Nimitz to do
an air defense exercise
off the coast of San Diego. California.
And I ended up chasing a UAP
known as the Tic Tac UAP.
It was about 40 feet long
and just sitting there in space.
You can see it start to accelerate.
And as it gets in front of us. it's gone.
This thing was doing 32.000 miles an hour.
so obviously that technology
is not the United States.
As we were
watching this Tic Tac object
maneuver in this bizarre way.
it was obvious
that it wasn't conventional.
This was defying those laws of physics.
laws of gravity
that as pilots we live and die by.
We literally had these things
stalking Navy vessels on deployment.
The frequency in which UAP were
being reported to us was increasing.
They were ubiquitous.
We were seeing them nearly daily.
My gosh. there's a whole
fleet of 'em. Look on the SA!
And then we actually almost
had a midair with one of these objects.
This now became a safety issue.
Two aircraft from my squadron were
flying in close proximity to each other
in section formation.
so about 150 feet apart or so.
One of these objects went right
in between those two aircraft.
right past the lead aircraft.
The lead aircraft
was visually able to see the object.
and he simply described it as a dark gray
or a black cube inside of a clear sphere.
To be clear.
non-human intelligence
has been actively conducting
ISR. Intelligence.
Surveillance and Reconnaissance
of some of our most sensitive
US military facilities and nuclear sites.
They have both deactivated
and activated nuclear weapons
with both the United States and Russia.
The nuclear weapons that were
activated in Russia were pointed at us.
and from that perspective.
the stakes really could not be any higher.
This is an emerging
and disruptive threat for the US
and truly a national security concern.
By the way. this isn't just
happening here in the US.
It's happening all over the world
and occurring with greater frequency.
When I met Lue Elizondo in the Pentagon.
he made me aware not only
that this phenomenon was real.
but it was an ongoing
persistent phenomenon.
The Secretary of Defense didn't know.
the Congress didn't know.
senior policymakers didn't know.
and nobody was doing anything
about it other than Lue
and a handful of colleagues.
I was shocked and I was stunned.
and immediately was concerned about
intelligence failures
that have occurred in the past
and the disasters that have ensued.
and determined immediately
to do whatever I could to help get Lue
to the Secretary of Defense
to move that information forward.
Each time Jay and I and others tried
to raise the alarm bells
and bring this issue
up to the appropriate level.
we were met with fierce resistance.
The stigma alone
and the taboo of the topic.
the historical association of "UFOs"
was something that
for most people in leadership positions
was too big of a pill to swallow.
In fact. the stigma was so strong
that people either believed. A.
the topic wasn't real. or B.
the stigma was going to somehow
taint or tarnish their career.
so they didn't want to touch it.
We couldn't get the leadership
in the Pentagon
to look at the actual scientific data
that showed that there is
a strong national security threat.
They were more worried about
the impact on their reputation
than they were about
the safety of the nation.
On top of that.
we were shocked to find we were getting
pushback from people in the Pentagon
based on their religious beliefs.
There really were religious fundamentalist
extremists with in the Pentagon
that had a severe adversity to this topic.
These are national security experts.
senior members of the national
intelligence community
who are putting their religion
above national security.
A senior DOD official actually stopped me
in the hallways in the Pentagon
and told me
that we were doing the devil's work.
I had to deal with people who were
senior to me who were telling me
in their world that these are demons.
and we are poking demons
and messing in Satan's world
and all these other things.
I was like. "I can't believe
this is coming out of your mouth."
I'm briefing about an advanced
aerospace vehicle that has been detected
on multiple sensors
that's absolutely there.
and you're telling me
that you think these are demons
and we shouldn't
look at them and study them.
My mind was blown.
While we were trying
to overcome all of these hurdles.
we discovered another deeply hidden
and much larger UAP program.
This program was so sensitive
that it was withheld from
the Secretary of Defense. Congress.
and even
the President of the United States.
This program is referred to as
"The Legacy Program."
This program had been capturing.
retrieving and reverse engineering UAPs
since at least 1947.
On numerous occasions.
these retrievals included
the bodies of non-humans.
some sort of intelligence.
intelligent being that is not human.
When Jay and I began knocking on doors
and trying to get access
into the Legacy Program.
there was this almost
like an immune response
by the Legacy Program.
and antibodies came out of everywhere
to try to shut us down.
We began communicating with scientists
involved in the Legacy Program.
but their leaders when they learned
of this. shut it down aggressively.
Not only were we met with
fierce resistance and stonewalling.
we actually had people angry at us that
we're even asking the question itself.
as in. you know. what right do we have
to inquire about the Legacy Program.
despite the fact we were running AATIP.
Put yourself in my shoes.
I'm conducting investigations
of ongoing UAP activity
and there's this Legacy Program
that has at least 80 years of information
that could help us
better understand this problem
and protect national security.
and they refuse to give it to us.
When it became clear that
we couldn't work through the system.
I knew from experience having worked
with the Senate Armed Services Committee.
what it takes to move this oil tanker.
Think about this immense.
immense ship that has massive inertia.
and you're trying
to get it to change course.
When it comes
to the Department of Defense.
only Congress
has the wherewithal to do that.
And the way to get Congress's attention
is first and foremost through the press.
I knew we had to get the press engaged
to help get the Hill engaged.
to then get back to changing
the Defense Department
to study this problem
to figure out is there a threat?
Where are these things coming from
and how do they work?
As government employees.
we're not allowed to talk to the media.
so Lue and I strategized
on how to overcome this hurdle.
There were really only two choices.
The first choice was
make peace with silence
and sit on
what is humanity's greatest secret.
all the while keeping
Americans in the dark.
Or two. I could resign
my position in protest
and fulfill my obligations
to the American people
by telling the truth
about what I know about UAP.
There was this difficult moment
where Lue had to decide.
"Do I throw in the towel?
Do we give up on this?"
"Do we ignore this?"
Or does he fall on his sword?
I couldn't. nor would I ever
reveal classified information.
but I knew that if I could say
just enough at the unclassified level
to make the media aware
and our government officials aware
of the reality of the UAP topic.
then Jay hopefully would be able to use
that momentum to go ahead and achieve
the goals that we set out
to achieve inside the government.
And we had
a number of difficult conversations
because Lue is giving up
a very promising career.
He loved what he was doing.
He was very good at what he was doing.
It's such a profound life decision for Lue
to make for himself and his family.
During one of my routine
hellish commutes back home.
as I was stuck in traffic.
looking in front of me and behind me
and seeing thousands of cars.
I had this profound sense of isolation.
a feeling I had
never felt before in my life.
a feeling that I was completely alone.
I might as well have been living
on the dark side of the moon.
None of these people around me.
in fact. no one anywhere had any idea
of what was actually
going on around them.
Not a clue.
I thought to myself. these individuals
deserve to know the truth.
the mere fact that we're
not alone in the universe.
How can any one organization.
institution. religion. or government
control that
or censor that or gatekeep that?
No one has the right
to keep fundamental truths
away from the American people
and humanity.
CNN has learned the Pentagon
had a secretive program to research UFOs.
The existence of a secret government
program to investigate UFO sightings.
A recent report by the New York Times
unveiled the existence of a real life
X-Files department.
their secret government program
to investigate mysterious flying objects.
This seems potentially like
one of the biggest stories of my lifetime.
These aircraft. we'll call 'em aircraft.
are displaying characteristics
that are not currently
within the US inventory
nor in any foreign inventory.
Look at that thing. dude. My gosh.
This is a very serious
national security issue.
Something is in our skies.
It has been there for quite some time.
There's a whole fleet of 'em.
You have objects that are doing things.
maneuvering in ways
without any obvious sign of propulsion.
My submission is that
what we are looking at is truly.
by definition. exotic technologies.
beyond next generation technologies.
And the bureaucracy and the Department
of Defense really limited our ability
to keep leadership informed
of what we were seeing.
As soon as the media
started paying attention.
Congress started paying attention.
and I started getting calls
from the Hill for briefings.
Senators received a classified briefing
about UFOs at the Pentagon.
Senator Mark Warner.
the vice chair
of the Intelligence Committee said.
"Look. I think it's important that the
military is taking this more seriously now
than they did in the past."
Senator Rubio and Warner.
to their great credit.
put national security above
their own personal political careers
and took the risk of engaging
publicly on this issue.
When they began to engage.
the Defense Department had to admit
to the world that this was real
and it was happening.
and that immediately took the entire
credibility of the issue up a huge notch.
The US Navy has finally acknowledged
that videos appearing to show UFOs flying
through the air are real.
Commander David Fravor
describing it like a 40 foot long Tic Tac.
The ability to hover over the water
and then start a vertical climb
from basically zero
up towards about 12.000 feet
and then accelerate
in less than two seconds
and disappear is something
I had never seen in my life.
We've had repeated instances of something
operating in the airspace
over restricted nuclear facilities.
and it's not ours
and we don't know whose it is.
That alone. just that statement alone.
deserves inquiry.
deserves attention. deserves focus.
If you have objects
in the sky that you cannot identify.
that's a problem because
it could be China. it could be Russia.
it could be any adversary.
Well. any unexplained phenomenon
could pose a national security threat.
That's the way
you have to treat those things.
There's something violating our airspace.
There's something fouling arranges
that even the people we've tasked in
the executive branch to understand this
cannot provide an explanation.
so I would say in addition
to the national security implications.
this has implications for basic trust
and confidence in the American government.
We don't know
the origin of the phenomenon.
and we're gonna try
to get to the bottom of it
because for national defense purposes.
some of these have been
in areas that we train.
These have been in areas where
we've got some of our best equipment.
and yet our best equipment
has not been able to tag these things.
We've not been able
to go in and catch them.
No matter what they are.
they're invading our airspace
and we don't know exactly
why they're doing it.
what their intent is
and what their capabilities are.
In addition
to the national security concerns.
this violation
of all nations' sovereign airspace
presents a safety of flight concern
for all military and civilian aviation.
And the even scarier thing is that
the Federal Aviation Administration
stopped using radar
to track our air travel.
They only track aircraft.
predominantly commercial and civilian.
that are squawking.
so they're actually putting
a signal into the system saying.
"Here's where I am."
The only way they know the UAP are there
is if the pilot sees something
and says something.
The fact that the FAA is not tracking UAP
is putting American lives
at risk every day.
I'm Brett Feddersen.
I served as the director of aviation
security on the National Security Council
and as the acting director for the
Federal Aviation Administration's
National Security Programs Office.
I can say through my experience
that we are absolutely
not alone in this universe.
The biggest thing that concerns me with
UAPs is the national security concern.
It's the unknown.
It's the fact that this technology
does stuff that we can't do.
And if we can't figure out
what it is or what it wants.
uh. or what it's being used for.
that keeps me up at night and the idea
that we're behind the power curve.
We want to be able to maintain the
cutting edge technology and the advantage
here in the United States
so that we can sleep comfortably at night
and feel the safety of what
the American government has provided.
There's sort of. I think.
four hypotheses out there.
one of which is that this is
foreign adversary technology
that we simply don't understand
or weren't aware of.
and that would amount to probably
the biggest intelligence failure
in modern American history.
The second of which is that this is
a robust counter-intelligence program
to cover up for a US
government effort that has fallen.
kind of. away
from congressional oversight.
A third hypothesis is obviously
that this is. uh. interdimensional
or extra-terrestrial.
The fourth could be
a combination of the previous three.
Some of the biggest strategic
blunders in human history.
the foundation of those blunders
were a lack of imagination.
The belief that an adversary
or whoever could not do something
because it had never been done before.
The US thought it was safe
for those ships in Pearl Harbor
because we didn't think
the Japanese could get there.
much less have torpedoes
that could navigate such a narrow straight
and hit these ships until they did.
We never thought in our wildest dreams
that terrorists would strike us
in the homeland by training
for a year to become pilots
and then hijacking commercial aircraft
and crashing them into buildings.
and they did.
The thing that keeps me up at night.
something in the human psyche that says.
I don't have time or energy
to sort of prepare for the unforeseen
or what I've never seen done before.
and. um. you know.
that leads to strategic surprise
and sometimes strategic surprises
change the course of human history.
There was
one classified briefing
that I gave to members
of the House and Senate.
where I took military pilots to tell them
the story of their encounters with UAP.
Those stories left them so rattled
that they had trouble sleeping that night.
The United States' most
trusted military servicemen and women
and irrefutable data from our
intelligence collection systems
have been observing UAP for decades.
Everything observed can be categorized
by five distinct
performance characteristics.
At AATIP. we call these The Observables.
The first observable
is hypersonic velocity.
Our current fastest aircraft
can go roughly 4.600 miles per hour.
However. the UAP we are observing
are traveling at 40.000 miles per hour
and sometimes faster.
The next observable is
instantaneous acceleration.
the sudden change in velocity.
At full speed.
the SR-71. known as a Blackbird.
requires roughly half the state of Ohio
to complete its turn.
What we are seeing with UAP are vehicles
that can make immediate right-angle turns.
instantaneously accelerating
and stopping on a dime
at speeds up to ten times faster
than the SR-71.
If you're in a sustained flight.
you can get up to seven-and-a-half Gs.
It gets physically painful over time
to be under that amount of gravity.
And that's just going
from zero to 200 miles an hour
in about two-and-a-half seconds.
Now. think of going zero
to thousands of miles an hour
in less than a second.
what the force would be on your body.
The human body can only take so much
before the internal organs start
to separate themselves from everything
they're hooked to. which is usually bad.
Even if it was a drone. it would rip
the drone. the unmanned vehicle apart.
The next observable
is low observability.
All modern technology have a signature.
For example. most aircraft leave
visible contrails as they fly.
We usually hear a sonic boom associated
with the sound barrier being broken.
UAP. however. leave almost
no observable signatures.
Our airplanes actually throw out
exhaust behind it and thrust behind it
to push it forward.
Whatever these things are.
they're not doing that.
There is no exhaust. no particles
coming off of 'em that we can see.
The next observable
is transmedium travel.
UAP have been observed operating
in space. in air and underwater.
and they're moving seamlessly
through each of these environments
without any normal signature
and without compromising performance.
We've observed a transmedium capability
of these phenomenon
to move from space
to the atmosphere to the ocean.
In the Aguadilla. Puerto Rico case.
a DHS helicopter caught
the spherical object flying.
It entered the water and exited the water.
so transmedium
without losing any velocity.
It goes into the ocean and makes
no splash or wake at 74 miles per hour.
I calculated how much force you would
require just to propel a basketball
under the water at 74 miles per hour.
and you'd need
a BE-7 rocket motor.
or two Learjet engines
that would churn the water up like crazy.
So this is a technology
that's frictionless.
The next
observable is anti-gravity.
UAP seemed to be defying
the natural effects of earth's gravity
without any obvious means of doing so.
No signs of propulsion or lift.
meaning no wings.
no control surfaces
or ability to maneuver.
In 2014 to 2015.
we were operating off the coast of
Virginia Beach. off the eastern seaboard.
It was during this time that we upgraded
our radar from the APG-73
to the APG-79 radar.
and this allowed us to essentially see
more objects we weren't expecting to see.
And there's a particular case
of one of these objects
maintaining a complete stationary position
inside of 120 knot winds.
essentially inside of a hurricane.
They're all
going against the wind.
The wind's 120 knots from the west.
Look at that thing! It's rotating.
It just seems like they're not affected
by the environment the way we are.
They were tracking 'em
from above 80.000 feet.
So for those that don't know.
above 80.000.
that's where you start getting into space.
So these things were coming down.
They would sit for three hours
and they'd go back up.
which to my knowledge.
we don't have anything
that has the capabilities
as far as the energy required
to come down.
hangout for three hours and go up.
The observed UAP capability exceeds that
of even the most advanced.
uh. human technologies
that are developed
in classified black programs.
From our exposure. I mean.
there's nothing we have that comes close.
There's actually a six observable.
which is not a flight characteristic.
that is biological effects.
I got started
working on this actually in this office.
There was a knock at the door.
and two individuals
who represented themselves
as being with the CIA and an aerospace
company came to me and asked for my help.
They had. uh. data of military personnel.
intelligence officials
and others associated
with the Department of Defense
who had direct interactions with UAP.
And because of that direct interaction
suffered some kind of medical harm.
They wanted my help to look
at the so-called inflammatory
secondary events
that might be measured in the blood.
anything from the horrific burns that
I've seen on some of the individuals
that leads to secondary problems
with autoimmune diseases
and sclerosis. et cetera.
and then the internal scarring
that I've seen on some individuals.
These people had scarring inside of
their bodies and inside of their brains.
And you have to think about it.
You know. if you get too close
to the back end of a jet engine.
or for instance. if you get too close
to the transformer system
that's just powering your neighborhood.
there's energy coming out of those things.
I mean. those are just human technologies.
Now imagine you've got something
which is a more advanced technology.
which is generating some kind of field
that allows these objects to move.
if you get too close to it.
you are gonna get harmed.
I spent ten years as an intelligence
officer for the Navy.
And before that.
six years as Air Force intelligence.
And I spent time on the UAP task force.
I'm one of the intelligence officials
that has experienced biological effects
of encountering UAP.
Since my first encounter.
I've observed other craft. orbs.
we'll call it exotic energy fields.
Unfortunately. um.
those of us who have investigated it.
we become part of the investigation
or investigated by our colleagues.
The population had
about a 25% mortality rate
within seven years
of having an interaction.
Probably important
that the public understands
that this is more than
just an aerial phenomenon.
When you have an anecdote
that is accompanied by medical data.
that's something that I can hand to
another scientist. another doctor and say.
"Here it is. You explain it."
We can argue about what the conclusion is.
but we can't argue that the data is real.
The deputy director
of Naval Intelligence.
who understood
the national security concerns of UAP.
directed me to start quietly building out
a whole government interagency effort
that ultimately became the UAP task force.
This new program
was much bigger than AATIP ever was.
Our mission was to detect.
analyze and catalog UAPs
that pose a threat
to US national security.
I had handpicked members from all 16
agencies of the intelligence community.
The Secretary of Defense formally
announced the UAP task force
in August 2020.
naming me the first director.
Everyone in authority was
paying attention to this topic.
One distinctive moment for me was briefing
then Secretary of Treasury. Steve Mnuchin.
I got through my briefing.
And at the end of the brief.
he sat back in his chair
and he said. "You know. Jay.
you may wonder
why I asked for this briefing."
He said. "What are the economic impacts
of the president going to the microphone
and telling the world we're not alone?"
I have to think about those kinds
of impacts in order to prepare
if the president were to make that move.
Meanwhile. Chris Mellon and I
were working with the Senate
behind the scenes
to craft UAP legislation
that was then taken by Marco Rubio
and pushed
into the coronavirus relief bill.
When President Trump signed
this legislation into law.
it then forced the Pentagon
and the UAP task force to provide
written reports to Congress.
both classified and unclassified.
The long-awaited Pentagon report
on UFOs has finally been released.
The Director of National Intelligence
just a few days ago
released a new report on 144 sightings.
When we talk about sightings.
we're talking about objects
that have been seen
by Navy or Air Force pilots
or have been picked up
by satellite imagery.
Frankly. there are a lot more sightings
than have been made public.
The report
clarifies that most incidents
over the past two decades
are not from the US military or other
advanced US government technology.
So the issue now is why are they here.
where are they coming from
and what is the technology
behind these devices that we're observing?
As noisy as that
first unclassified report was.
it barely scratched the surface.
The few elected officials that got to read
the classified version of the report.
it opened their eyes to the national
security concerns surrounding this topic.
There's enough obvious evidence here
that we need to take this seriously.
not downplay it.
I don't believe they're coming
from foreign adversaries.
Uh. if they were. that would suggest
that they have a technology
which is in a whole different sphere
than anything we understand.
Uh. frankly. China and Russia aren't there
and neither are we by the way.
Trillions of galaxies out there.
so who knows what might've
developed somewhere else?
What we believe is that
there are unexplained aerial phenomena
that have been cited
and reported by pilots.
Navy and Air Force.
that these phenomena have in some cases
had an impact on our training ranges.
on our pilot's ability to fly.
train. operate and stay ready.
Um. that alone makes it a national
security issue worth looking at.
We don't know.
We don't have the answers
about what these phenomena are.
As we continued
to make progress.
a very powerful
disinformation campaign began.
This effort was to destroy
my reputation and credibility. full stop.
When the government started running
this despicable disinformation campaign
against Lue.
I actually received an email one day
from the Pentagon Public Affairs office
with this narrative
that they were providing back to the media
that was completely false.
I replied all to that email and said.
"This is wrong."
and they ran with it anyway.
They actually told the American people
that Lue Elizondo did not work there.
and that was an outright lie.
My family and I
suffered greatly for it.
All you have in your life
is really your credibility and your word.
It's heartbreaking.
They don't want anybody that's
based on facts being involved in this.
so what do they do?
They go online and try to belittle
Elizondo and me and anybody else
that's trying to do it
in a scientific way.
As hard as it was.
I was still being privately encouraged
by former members of AATIP
to continue the fight.
and so that gave me the motivation
to continue to press forward.
and the fire that we started
continued to spread.
After decades of public denial.
the Pentagon now admits
there's something out there.
and the US Senate
wants to know what it is.
UFOs. Unidentified Flying Objects.
are real?
The government has already stated
for the record that they're real.
I'm not telling you that.
the US government is telling you that.
There's footage and records
of objects in the skies
that we don't know exactly what they are.
What's your viewpoint
on what these objects.
uh. that seem to defy
all laws of physics are?
Well. first of all.
that's a legitimate question now.
There are lots of mysteries out there.
It should keep us humble.
There's a lot of stuff we don't know.
There've been sightings
all over the world.
And when we talk about sightings.
the other thing I will tell you is
it's not just a pilot or just a satellite
or some. um. intelligence collection.
Usually we have multiple sensors
that are picking up these things.
There's always the question of
is there something else
that we simply do not understand
that might come extra-terrestrially?
I think it's a bit presumptuous.
if not arrogant for us to believe that
there's no other form of life anywhere
in the entire universe.
I've seen some of those videos
from Navy pilots.
and I must tell you
that they are quite eyebrow-raising.
and. um. might in fact be
some type of phenomenon
that is the result of something
that. um. we don't yet understand.
and that could involve
some type of activity
that some might say
constitutes a different form of life.
We don't know if the non-human
intelligence that is already here
is exclusively extraterrestrial
or perhaps
some sort of cryptoterrestrial.
Some people who are into
the physics of time travel think
well. maybe they're time travelers.
Even some sort of proto-human
that somehow branched off
from the human family tree long ago
and is as natural
to this planet as we are.
Some ancient civilization
that's sequestered away
somewhere on the Earth
or on the seabed.
We've heard testimonials
from pilots as well as civilians
from different countries having
seen things come from the ocean.
unexplained things. and these aren't
missiles. they aren't rockets.
they aren't aircraft or submarines.
These are other-worldly things
that are performing maneuvers
that haven't been seen.
In fact. we have tracked UAP
underwater going at speeds
in excess
of several hundred miles an hour.
but without the associated signatures.
I retired
as the oceanographer of the Navy.
being the senior advisor for the Chief
of Naval Operations in the Pentagon.
But our knowledge
of the ocean's rather limited.
We haven't even explored
80% of the ocean volume.
We have mapped the surface of Mars
and the moon to a higher resolution
than the Earth's sea floor.
Is it possible that whatever
we're seeing isn't from out there.
it's from down there?
Are we looking at an entire
world underneath the water?
I think it's very safe to say that with
so much of the ocean volume unexplored
and the sea floor unmapped that
if any intelligence were to arrive here
and not want to be detected.
it would stay in the ocean.
All these possibilities could come
with different intentions and motivations.
Whoever it is. they're here
and they're operating here.
and they have been operating here
for a long time.
In 2022. we started pushing Congress hard
to hold public UAP hearings.
and that's when disclosures
started to get to the next level.
House panel is holding a public hearing
on mysterious flying objects.
The chairman of the House
Intelligence Committee describes this
as one of the great mysteries of our time.
and it's a big day for all of these people
who have spent so many years
pushing for more transparency
into this topic.
Out of everything in Congress
and everything happening
currently in our country
and world right now.
the UAP topic has been
one of the only topics
that's received
this level of bipartisan support.
It's just not an issue.
at least as of yet. in this country
that lends itself to some sort of
partisan or ideological divide.
Democrats and Republicans
just want to understand what's going on.
This hearing and oversight work
has a simple idea at its core.
Unidentified aerial phenomena
are a potential national security threat.
and they need to be treated that way.
UAPs are unexplained.
It's true. but they are real.
They need to be investigated.
and many threats
they pose need to be mitigated.
There is something there
measurable by multiple instruments.
and yet it seems to move
in directions that are inconsistent
with what we know of physics
or science. more broadly.
There are a number of events
in which we do not have an explanation.
in which there are flight characteristics
or signature management.
um. that we can't explain.
We know that our service members
have encountered
unidentified aerial phenomenon.
And because UAPs pose potential
flight safety and general security risk.
we are committed to a focused effort
to determine their origins.
The capabilities. systems.
processes and sources we use to observe.
record. study or analyze these phenomena
need to be classified
at appropriate levels.
We do not want. we do not want
potential adversaries to know
exactly what we're able
to see or understand
or how we come
to the conclusions we make.
Therefore. public disclosures
must be carefully considered
on a case-by-case basis.
The hearing was a historic
bipartisan effort towards transparency.
but it left both the American public
and Congress
with more questions than answers.
While I was making progress.
I learned that the Legacy Program was
quietly behind the scenes pushing back.
and they were creating
bureaucratic hurdles.
They were somehow
able to block the funding
that was approved for the UAP task force.
I can't describe it any other way
than I was just angry.
There's this hidden hand that is blocking
all of these actions and things I'm doing.
A subversive government
overriding the real government.
It's so bad that we really
aren't going to make progress
until someone shines the light on them.
Then the staff
and the members start to dig in more.
They begin to understand the landscape.
They begin to understand
how much secrecy there is.
how much resistance there is
to coming clean on this.
As Congress began hearing from
whistleblowers in classified settings.
they came to the realization
of the existence of the Legacy Program.
The main players in the Legacy Program
have long been
the Central Intelligence Agency.
the United States Air Force.
the Department of Energy.
and major defense contractors.
The Central Intelligence Agency
is responsible for the oversight
of the overall effort.
You might think of them as a little bit
as a headquarters element.
The Deputy Director of Science
and Technology at the CIA
controls the UAP
crash retrieval portfolio.
The United States Air Force
is responsible for field operations.
These are the folks that are responsible
for deploying within moment's notice
anywhere in the world to go
secure and retrieve crashed UAP.
We have intelligence teams
quickly notified if there's some UAP event
that might involve a crashed vehicle
or pieces from a crashed vehicle.
The United States Air Force
uses their own special forces.
but they also coordinate
with other special forces
in other branches of US military.
They're so well organized
that they basically can get to a site.
gather material. whatever it is.
and once it's in their possession.
they have the authority to classify it.
and therefore make any information
about it unavailable to the public.
even admission that it exists
unavailable to the public.
The defense contractors.
they're responsible for the exploitation
and the reverse engineering
and analysis of the materials.
They provide technical
and advisory services
that the government doesn't have.
And last but not least
is the Department of Energy.
They are the world's experts in anything
that is related to either atomic
or nuclear technology
or anything that gives off radiation.
But there's another advantage
because the Department of Energy
has its own security
classification system
well outside the overview
and oversight. if you will.
of traditional classification systems
like the Department of Defense
or the intelligence community.
They've used the security
and classification language
in the Atomic Energy Act to hide
the Legacy crash retrieval program.
The intelligence officials
that have briefed on these
crash retrievals have talked
about a number of different species
having been observed
to be associated with the crash.
Bodies recovered
are not all of the same type.
I'm aware of at least
two advanced non-human species.
one of which made contact
with the Legacy crash retrieval program.
The other of which. the bodies were
recovered by the crash retrieval program
in various crashes.
One of the questions is often raised.
if they're so advanced.
why are there crashes?
But of course. I mean. you know.
cars are well made
and people drive them carefully.
but there are crashes. It can happen.
Another option that's being considered
is that maybe some of these
were not "really crashes."
but that they were left here
for us to examine
in order to advance
our technology forward at a faster pace.
So in that sense. they can be seen
as gifts from a more intelligent species.
One of the questions that would
then be raised would be. well.
are gifts distributed differently
among different nations
or more or less homogeneously
to see who survives
and makes progress the fastest?
It could be a giant IQ test.
you might say.
As we brought
whistleblowers to Congress.
we learned that the Legacy Program
was involved in a long running secret war
with other nations
to collect and reverse engineer
vehicles not made by humans.
In this secret theater of war.
the US has both allies and adversaries
in a winner takes all scenario.
This is a very complicated
geopolitical landscape.
where alliances and allegiances
shift like sand in the desert.
We would certainly prefer
a situation where the retrieval
is either in international waters
or some other uncontested location
or maybe in an allied country.
but every country in the world
would do everything in their power
to try to retrieve
an exquisite piece of technology.
The first country that cracks
the code on this technology
will be the leader for years to come.
This is similar to the Manhattan Project.
We developed the atomic weapon.
We won the war. and it made us
a superpower for almost a century now.
This is the atomic weapon on steroids.
Some of the craft observed could be
the result of say our Legacy Program.
or on the other hand.
it might be the result of advancements
made by potential adversaries.
We have seen highly credible
US government intelligence
on the Soviet recovery
of a crashed UAP in 1989.
They recovered a Tic-Tac shaped UAP
that was twice as big as the Tic Tac
that was encountered
by the USS Nimitz carrier strike group.
and they did recover
four bodies of humanoid aliens.
The Soviet scientists
took apart the recovered craft
and discovered a very advanced
directed energy weapon.
China is at the top of everybody's list
of concern right now
in the Defense Department.
Some of this UAP activity
we are seeing here in the United States
may actually be a result
of a Chinese UAP
reverse engineering program.
If Xi Jinping had access to this.
if Putin had access to this.
and they thought
that we did not have access
to similar capabilities
than what they did.
do you think for a second
that they wouldn't consider
using it to achieve
their ends of domination?
And if their
approach to it is driven by science
and a desire to match
what they think is ours.
we'll wake up one day and realize.
I don't know how they got there.
but they got there ahead of us.
and now we're screwed.
This technology can absolutely either
revolutionize the way we do things
or completely destroy
everything that we know.
It often reminds me of the famous speech
by President John F. Kennedy
when we were
right at the threshold of entering
into a new era of discovery in space.
There is new knowledge to be gained
and new rights to be won.
and they must be won
and used for the progress of all people.
for space science
like nuclear science and all technology
has no conscience of its own.
Whether it will become a force
for good or ill depends on man.
And only if the United States
occupies a position of preeminence
can we help decide whether this
new ocean will be a sea of peace
or a new terrifying theater of war.
Some of this is so secret.
there have been very. very few people
in our entire government that have
been allowed or provided access to it.
Some presidents have been briefed
on the basic facts about the situation.
but they are not provided
with all the details.
I think there's
this assumption that presidents
can walk in the Oval Office
on day one and say.
"All right. take me to Roswell.
Show me the alien bodies."
"I want to see the video. the autopsy.
I want to see the whole thing."
"Open it up."
I think that really is a. um--
A naive understanding
of how our government works.
Even presidents have often been
operating on a need-to-know basis.
That's certainly true
from historic standpoint.
The rationale. the justification was.
the president shouldn't know
about these things because that way
the president always has deniability.
All they need is a nod
in this direction or in that direction.
but that begins
to ramp out of control.
Frankly. I don't even know
if president would know who to ask.
You could go to the director of the CIA.
nowadays. the director
of National Intelligence. and ask them.
and even that person may not know
because those people rotate.
but people three layers underneath them
that are there for 30 years.
to them. it's like. "I've seen
these people come and go."
"I have no obligation
to tell them it exists."
It just never percolates up.
A lot of people have this assumption
that the director of CIA's
right onto everything
and knows everything.
The director of CIA
is a political appointee.
Quite frankly.
they're temporary help.
whereas the Director
of Science Technology at CIA.
this is a career
intelligence professional.
that's where you're gonna put the program.
I had a few private conversations
with former president
George Herbert Walker Bush in 2003
in which he told me that
when he became the CIA director
in the Ford administration.
he was not briefed on the
Legacy UAP crash retrieval program.
But he later found out about it.
and he informed me
that there were a number
of crash retrievals that had taken place
since the mid-1940s.
And he also informed me
of a UAP event that took place
at Holloman Air Force Base in 1964.
where three UAPs approached
the Air Force Base.
One of them landed on the tarmac.
And a non-human entity
deboarded the craft that landed
and interacted with uniformed Air Force
and civilian CIA personnel.
And when he asked for more details.
he was told that
he did not have a need to know.
I served over 30 years
as a Army Green Beret
in the United States Army.
I ended my career as Secretary of Defense.
Some intelligence official decided.
I. the acting Secretary of Defense.
did not have a need to know
about the UAP topic.
Several of
my colleagues participated
in a panel organized
by the George Bush administration
when the administration contemplated
going public with disclosure.
What it was a group of ten or 12 people
from intelligence agencies.
from the military. some business people.
and they said. "Here's what's going on."
"The Americans. the Russians.
and Chinese all have crash retrieved craft
from some other civilization.
and there's some belief at this point
that maybe
this should be revealed to the public.
and we want to know
what would the consequences be?"
This is a topic
that has a potential to create
serious ontological shock to society.
It's not just national security.
It's psychological. it's sociological.
it's theological and it's philosophical.
It's undermining in many ways.
it's troubling to a lot of people to say
that there's something else out there
either otherworldly. interdimensional.
I think unfortunately
it goes against our traditions.
our cultural traditions.
our religious traditions.
and it challenges
the beliefs of a lot of people.
The Vatican has irrefutable evidence
that non-human intelligence exists.
Although publicly
they don't want to acknowledge it.
privately.
they are very well aware of this.
What happens when society realizes
everything it's been taught
about the entire history of our species
has been wrong
and everybody learns all at once
that we're not the top of the food chain?
We're not the alpha predators.
It would be a shakeup for institutions.
it'd be a shakeup for norms.
it'd be a shakeup in society.
One has to be careful
and one has to remember
that it's conceivable
that there's something
that's so disturbing or disruptive
or negative that there is a rationale
for not immediately disclosing
all of that information.
We actually came up
with a list of 64 areas
that really would be impacted to some
significant degree by such a disclosure.
We add up all the numbers. it looks
like this would be kind of a bad idea.
Did you go through the secret files.
the UFO documents?
Now that you're out of office.
you can do anything you want. right?
That's true. Yeah.
Uh. but I'm not telling you.
Without a doubt.
there's hardly been any program
that has been so successfully
kept out of the public eye
as anything like crash retrievals
of unknown craft.
This line of strong control started
at least in the Truman administration
with the Roswell crash.
In AATIP. we learned that the UAP event
at the US Army airfield
in Roswell in 1947 did actually occur.
It was described to be
a boot-heel shaped UAP
that broke into two pieces on impact.
And observers saw
what looked like hieroglyphics
or some type of writing on it.
You might describe 'em
as runes or glyphs. hieroglyphs.
that were actually on the craft itself.
And within that crash.
non-human bodies were recovered.
Four non-human bodies were recovered
from the UAP crash at Roswell.
The recovered material
rom the crash. including the bodies.
were all sent up to Wright Field.
which is now called
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
That's where the US had
their best reverse engineers.
Think about the context
for everything in 1947.
The US had just won World War II
and was entering into
a Cold War with the USSR.
These UAP presented a technology
of unfathomable power.
It was imperative that the US be able
to reverse engineer this new technology
before anybody else or before
anybody else even knew about it.
You can't tell your friends
without telling your enemies.
That's a key component to every decision
as to what we do or do not release.
Back in 1947.
when they looked at this and they realized
it was real and they realized
they had no idea what it was.
This was something you couldn't
just talk about because the role
of the President of the United States
and the role of the military
is to defend the United States
and to protect its citizens.
If this is something
that they can't protect against.
they're not gonna come out and say it.
They're not gonna scare anybody.
They don't want to tell
the American public about the threat
because there's nothing
they can do about it.
It was only a couple months after
Roswell that President Truman signed
the National Security Act of 1947.
which established both the Air Force
and the Central Intelligence Agency.
That was the start point in which
both the CIA and the Air Force
began to take
operational control of the UAP topic.
But it wasn't until
a couple of years later
when Truman signed
the Central Intelligence Agency Act
that really allowed. endorsed the CIA
to be able to run
secret intelligence operations
outside the normal
routine oversight channels.
Basically be able to run operations
without anybody knowing.
From Roswell on.
the strategy for dealing with the public
and ensuring US secrecy is maintained
was to basically adopt the strategy
of deny everything. admit nothing.
make counter accusations.
put out false narratives.
intimidate and discredit witnesses.
In essence. deny. deny. deny.
Establish stigma surrounding this topic
in order to prevent
any type of disclosure.
Executive Order 12333 bans covert action
to influence the public and the media.
but the Legacy crash retrieval program
has been ignoring that.
In fact. they are aggressively
influencing public opinion
by using an active
disinformation campaign.
To create a tradition of disbelief.
where you basically start very early.
"Nah. nah. everybody
who sees UFOs are crackpots."
and then that gets built in.
you know. to the media enterprise.
it gets built into Hollywood.
it gets built into the public.
CIA funded Hollywood movies
in order to create that ridicule factor
that they still use to this day.
Do you believe that the recent spike
in UFO encounters--
I get the UFO question?
-  Yeah. you do!
- Come on. man!
I'm not--
-  Would you tell us?
- I'm just--
You know. I loved E.T. the movie.
but I'm just gonna leave it there.
Up until very recently. there was
zero incentive for a naval aviator
to come forward and say.
"This is what I saw."
And honestly. up until very recently.
there was zero incentive for a US Senator
to talk about it
because people would think.
"What's wrong? This guy's a weirdo."
Over the years. military service members.
intelligence officials and even
private citizens have been ridiculed
and made to look crazy to the point
where people have lost their jobs.
they've lost their ability
to provide for their families.
they lost their security clearances.
These people had their lives ruined
simply because they spoke the truth
about what they learned or what they saw.
People that come forward with this.
um. I feel like they've taken
their life in their own hands.
People say. well. government
can't keep a secret.
Well. there are a number of
programs I've been involved in
that have never gotten revealed.
The truth of the matter is
people and programs can be kept secret.
Usually it's just out of personal.
wanting to protect oneself.
This is the most successful
disinformation campaign
in the history of the US government.
The irony in this is that
the deception campaign
to create stigma was so successful
it actually inadvertently
created a new unforeseen problem.
Stigma has been a tremendous problem
that it's actually a national
security threat to the United States.
Other countries are not suffering
from the stigma that we are.
so we are already. as Americans.
at a disadvantage.
How can we expect
to maintain a strategic advantage
when 99.999% of all scientists here
in this country
don't even think it's real?
Science moves forward on the basis
of exchanging information.
and when it's all tied up and held down.
you just can't make progress.
You had information being locked away
that frankly could improve the lives
of every human being on this planet
and change the trajectory for our species.
This information was
and is still being locked down
by the Legacy crash retrieval program.
Too much information resides
in different stove pipes.
It's controlled by different baronies
and different fiefdoms spread throughout
the National Security kingdom.
They each view information as power.
They're each reluctant
to share information.
They hoard it.
They like to trade it like a currency.
All of these things conspire to prevent us
from getting the big picture
and bringing the information together.
It's worth noting
that the Air Force didn't contribute.
uh. any or maybe just
a tiny number of. uh. reports of UAPs.
Notwithstanding the fact
that the Air Force controls
the North American
Aerospace Defense Command.
they're responsible
for space surveillance.
They have aircraft
with superior radar systems
operating in the same training ranges
where the Navy is seeing
and reporting these aircraft.
and yet they claim
they don't have evidence of this.
Imagine we had a situation
where we're saying there are
unidentified submarines
off the coast of the United States.
and the only reports we got
were from the Air Force
and the Navy had nothing to say about it.
During the George
W. Bush administration.
the president routinely went down
to his ranch in Stephenville. Texas.
and I see reporting of UAP activity
over the ranch.
F-16s from a nearby Air Force base
were alerted to intercept this object.
People on the ground saw it.
So I go down and I start asking
questions. "Hey. what did you chase?"
"I'm acting on behalf
of the US government.
and we're trying
to understand what you saw."
And they look me in the eyes and said.
"Jay. we cannot tell you what we saw
because the OSI. Air Force
Office of Special Investigations.
came in here. had us sign
non-disclosure agreements."
"We did see something.
we did scramble on something.
but we can't talk to you about it."
Historically. every time
a military member had a UAP encounter.
it was very quickly swept under the rug.
and they were discouraged
from talking about it.
They put a form down
as a non-disclosure form.
He came storming across to me.
He said. "Don't you ever say that again."
"You don't ever speak of this."
And it made it very clear
that it's something
we shouldn't be talking about
and just keep our mouth shut.
There was a culture of silence.
I didn't talk to anybody about it.
not my wife. not my colleagues.
not people I knew. They just shut up.
There's ramifications
if you were to divulge
any of this information to anyone.
We received an alarm
at our closest missile site.
There was an object directly above
that ICBM nuclear missile.
right on top of the blast door.
No noise. no sound whatsoever.
And it looked like
a mini sun sitting in the air.
It was the size
of a Super Walmart building.
Not just a Walmart.
I mean a Super Walmart.
This thing was gargantuan.
And how it could suspend itself was just
completely unnatural to what we know of
as anything that can fly or hover.
The captain was looking.
just looking up with his mouth open.
And I look up and I see
this object right over
the missile launch tube.
Multifaceted. matte black finish.
an oddly shaped diamond.
Absolutely silent. made no noise.
There was no means of propulsion.
Fifty feet up in the air.
sitting absolutely still.
And it was amazing.
and we kind of looked at one another.
And we were just human beings
witnessing something extraordinary.
And while we're watching this thing.
it went from dead still.
and it shot off toward the horizon
and was gone.
Absolutely instant acceleration.
We had 60 cameras so that
the engineers at Boeing and Douglas
could see every millisecond
of the ignition.
The missile in question
that we photographed was an Atlas D
carrying. as part of an experiment.
a dummy nuclear warhead.
As it was flying along.
the warhead. the chaff.
something else entered the frame.
It shot a beam of light.
and it hit the warhead.
flew up like this.
shot another beam of light down
at the warhead. went like this.
shot under the beam of light
at the warhead. went under here.
shot a beam of light at the warhead.
and then flew out the way it had come in.
All the while. everything in our frame
was moving along
at 8.000 to 9.000 miles an hour.
There's nothing of ours
that could've done that.
What could have done that?
There was this red orange light
hovering above the front gate.
It was about 40 feet in diameter.
sort of oval shape.
And each missile was announcing
a guidance and control system failure.
Our missiles were starting to go down.
so we had all ten of 'em go down.
Within the span of eight days.
we lost 20 nuclear missiles to UFOs.
Vandenberg is home to the infrastructure
that supports
our National Missile Defense project.
the system that defends our country
from incoming ballistic missiles
and nuclear weapons.
So it's one of the most
important bases we have.
On October 14th. 2003.
I showed up to work
at Vandenberg Air Force Base
and immediately everybody just
started to tell me about this UFO incident
that had happened earlier that morning.
I reported for work. um.
at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
We were given a briefing
earlier in the day.
Some Boeing contractors
had witnessed a UAP incursion.
Three Boeing contractors
had called in and reported
that a gigantic red square object
was floating over the launchpad
at low altitude.
It was making no noise.
it had no obvious signs of propulsion.
and it was just hovering silently.
It was a very serious
security breach of the area.
And we were told just to be vigilant
when we were out on our shift that night.
And I spent the most of the day driving
around the base looking for these objects.
Later that night.
myself and five security forces members.
we observed a bright light
approaching the base.
As it got closer.
the light was no longer visible.
and it was massive.
the size of a football field.
almost rectangular in shape.
It was just floating there.
No propulsion system. no windows.
It was matte black.
We observed it for another 45 seconds.
And then it shot off thousands
of miles an hour up the coast.
I talked to all the direct witnesses.
over a dozen people.
and even from
their different vantage points.
they all told the same story.
They all saw the same thing.
The UAP activity surrounding
nuclear weapons is not a historic issue.
It's an ongoing issue.
Despite the longstanding denial
by the United States Air Force.
we now have both former and current
very senior Air Force officials
stating for the record
that in fact the Air Force has had
a longstanding involvement in UAP.
I served in the Air Force
for about 32 years.
and my last job in the Air Force
was chief of Air Force Intelligence.
prior to becoming director of
the Defense Intelligence Agency.
When I served in the Air Force.
uh. there was an active program
to track anomalous activities
that. uh. you know.
we couldn't otherwise explain.
Many of them connected with ranges
out west. notably. um. Area 51.
As Congress learned more
about the Legacy Program.
they realized how powerful and influential
the defense contractors have become.
As we look at the actual structure
of the interaction between the government
and private industry in this UAP area.
over the years. it has morphed.
transitioned into it being largely
in the aegis of the contractors.
If you do something within the government.
eventually it can be accessed
by Freedom of Information Act.
But if you do something
through contractors.
they're not available through
Freedom of Information Act.
I had been involved myself in projects
where we made sure that the material
was under contractor labels
so they couldn't be
accessed easily by the public.
But what happens with government.
you need continuity.
People move. people die. people retire.
So what winds up happening is
you have these Legacy efforts going on
in the government contractor side
involving UAP.
And then I. the government official
in charge of this program. leave
and someone else takes my place.
and that person might have
a little bit of awareness
that this project existed.
But then they're replaced
by a third person
who has no idea that the project existed.
But the corporate entity that received
this technology
is still trying to develop it.
and so they begin to commercialize that.
Some of the stuff begins to seep out
in these great innovations
that some company's coming up with
and making money on.
and they claim it belongs to them
and it's proprietary.
Um. and the people in government
who know where it came from originally.
they're long gone and their successors
have no idea that it was there at all.
And so you can start to foresee
where you create in corporate hands
an extraordinary amount of power.
The real risk in transferring technology
that is not useful to us today
to a corporate entity.
Over decades. that corporate entity
comes to basically possess
and control access to it
for their own purposes.
not for the purposes of national security.
In the councils of government.
we must guard against
the acquisition of unwarranted influence.
whether sought or unsought
by the military industrial complex.
The potential for the disastrous rise
of misplaced power exists
and will persist.
We must never let
the weight of this combination
endanger our liberties
or democratic processes.
The reason why our democracy is so strong
because it's of the people
and by the people and for the people.
It's not acceptable to have secret parts
of government that no one ever sees.
It would be unconscionable.
It's against our constitution
and it's wrong.
Non-human intelligence
is not government information.
and the government should not be keeping
that knowledge from the people.
Before he passed away.
I had the privilege
of seeing Senator Harry Reid
quite a few times
in his private residence.
He explained to me that he was
once provided information
on the Legacy Program but denied access.
He was incensed by that.
And when the opportunity
came to sponsor AATIP.
he jumped at the opportunity
in order to ensure
that Congress and the government
had visibility into this topic.
And frankly. we wouldn't be
where we are today
if it wasn't for the courage
of Senator Harry Reid.
Why the federal government
all these years has covered up.
put brake pads on everything. stopped it?
I think it's very. very bad
for our country.
Should we study this stuff?
The answer is yes.
And that's all this was about.
For decades. our government assumed
there must be different
exotic technologies responsible
for each of the observables.
but our scientists realized
one breakthrough technology
could actually be responsible
for everything.
With enough energy.
you could create a bubble.
a warp bubble around a spacecraft
that would have a different property
of space-time
inside the bubble
than on the outside of the bubble.
This energy field
would completely isolate
the craft from the environment.
So you might ask then.
how does the craft actually move forward
within its bubble?
The craft inside the bubble has a way
of altering the bubble's properties
in order to change
its direction of motion.
Such that you have
a downward press in front
and an upward press behind.
So it'd be like riding
space-time in the same way
that a surfer would ride
a wave in the ocean.
And we observe hypersonic velocity
and instantaneous acceleration.
and the reason is that time is moving
differently for people inside the bubble
versus people outside the bubble.
Whoever's inside the craft would
feel like they're just cruising along.
They wouldn't be feeling the effects of
what looks like speeds and accelerations
that would turn
a human being into pudding.
This one breakthrough
can be the key to interstellar travel.
where you want to travel long distances
without taking enormous amounts
of subjective time.
We'd also have low observability
because the bubble acts as a barrier
between two space-time environments.
This would eliminate or conceal
most of the known signatures
of conventional technologies.
This is why radar would have difficulty
tracking a craft because the signal
from the radar would be distorted
by the energy field around the craft.
The radar signatures literally
just moved around the bubble
and doesn't reflect back
to the radar emitter.
So it's not surprising
when someone takes a photo of a UAP.
they find they get
a fuzzy and distorted picture
because they're actually taking
a photo through a space-time barrier.
What's been happening recently
is that we have upgraded our
sensor systems on our fighter aircraft.
And these images that are now picked up
with our advanced sensor systems.
we can begin to see the actual structure
of the energy field around the craft.
which in the past
they would not have been able to do.
We also observed transmedium travel
because the craft is moving
within its own space-time.
and the outside environment through
which it's moving is inconsequential.
This would allow a craft
to go seamlessly from space
through the atmosphere into the water.
And they could do so because
the warp bubble that surrounds them
shunts air molecules
or ocean water molecules
around the craft so that it could
move effortlessly through any medium.
We also observe anti-gravity
because the Earth's gravitational field
is no longer having any effect
on the craft inside its space-time bubble.
This is why a craft does not need say.
engines or wings or other aspects
that we would associate with a craft
that needs to fly in the atmosphere.
It's really disconnected
from the atmosphere.
And the energy field
associated with these craft
causes a highly energetic
wave of radiation.
which is why people getting too close
to a UAP can experience biological effects
that are harmful to humans.
Now that we understand that these craft
exist in a space-time environment
that's different from the exterior
space-time environment.
this can begin to explain
claimed observations by say
military people who have approached
and gotten into a craft
and find that time is running
at a different rate inside the craft
than time running outside the craft.
They think they're only there
for a few minutes.
when they come outside the craft.
some hours have gone by.
so they feel like
they've got missing time.
Or similarly. with respect
to the size of the craft.
if someone is outside the craft
and it looks like
a small craft and they go inside.
it's the size of a football stadium.
Once you've realized
that space and time
are being engineered to be different
inside the craft
than they are outside the craft.
then these anomalies that people
report that sound completely absurd
can actually make sense.
The top issue is
what is their energy supply?
Because the evidence for how much
energy they're using per unit time
so exceeds any kind of power levels
that we can generate.
UAPs have exhibited propulsive
performance characteristics
that imply the generation
of 1.100 billion watts of power.
This is more than 100 times
the daily electrical utility power
generated in the US.
Let that sink in.
One hundred times the daily
power generation of the entire nation.
There are two prevailing hypotheses
for how UAPs create the energy
that warps space-time around them.
and one is that the spacecraft
can produce. uh. its own bubble
of vacuum energy around the craft.
which is also known as zero-point energy.
And the other one is that the craft
could be using quantum entanglement
to draw on a remote
distant source of energy.
If we can understand
the technology that we're observing.
it has so many
potentially beneficial impacts.
including clean energy.
We're seeing these craft
doing unbelievable things.
and it's not combustion engineering.
This is technology that
could replace oil. gas and coal
and protect our planet
for future generations.
How can we use these technologies
and all the capabilities
that come from it.
not to fight a war.
but to increase our standard of living.
you know. to increase our ability
to get from place to place.
We can talk more about teleportation.
we could talk more about.
uh. hypersonic travel.
Being able to take human beings
to the next evolutionary step.
which is the stars.
being able to explore
new star systems and planets.
On the other hand.
you'd have to weigh the consequences
of sharing. uh. with the world.
knowing that there are
bad actors out there.
If our adversaries would have
access to that same technologies.
they could flip that into some very.
very powerful weapons of mass destruction.
You could put a nuclear bomb
inside one of these things and let it fly
right through a building.
through concrete. through steel.
wherever you want it.
anywhere in the world.
We want to talk about it publicly
and encourage folks to talk about it.
but while we're talking about it publicly.
our adversaries are paying attention to
context clues to piece things together
about possible technologies
that we may have
that they don't have access to.
So it's a fine line.
I would opt for making
any new energy source
a humanitarian. uh. issue.
That it should be open.
And we know how to do that.
We've done that with nuclear power.
If the capabilities
that exist come to the forefront
and they become known to the world.
it might very well be that
it is to the benefit of mankind.
While Congress had learned
a great deal about the Legacy Program.
whistleblowers were still afraid
to reveal the most secretive details
about the UAP technology
and non-human bodies
in the program's possession.
We'd been interviewing folks
that would have had evidence of
or first-hand direct contact
with either materials
or a program itself.
They have worked on craft
of out of this world origin. but until...
they leak a video before they commit
suicide by shooting themselves
in the back of the head four times.
um. I just don't know
that that's going to get out.
Those people whose job it is
to make sure information doesn't get out
will use whatever tool they can find
to try to convince people
they shouldn't come forward.
We have people that have very high
clearances both today and in the past.
who did really important work
for our government
or continue to do
important work for the government.
who have come forward with some claims
about the US having in the past
recovered exotic materials.
and then we reverse
engineered those materials
to make advances in our own
defenses and technologies.
And that they signed agreements
that they would face jail time
or in some cases some people claim
it would cost them their lives
if they spoke out about these things.
When I have
a whistleblower coming forward.
telling me
that they're in fear of their life
and that people have been hurt
protecting and hiding this information.
that gives me reason for concern.
Determined to get to the truth.
it was Chris Mellon who led the charge
to help Congress draft unprecedented
UAP whistleblower protections.
And in December of 2022.
President Biden signed
the legislation into law.
So even for those who signed NDAs.
they still have a right and an opportunity
to talk about this
in a very healthy and productive way
that informs the American public.
Bombshell claims
from a military whistleblower.
UFO wreckage recovered
by the US kept classified
by a secret
government program for decades.
The UAP task force was refused access
to. um. a broad crash retrieval program.
retrieving non-human
origin technical vehicles.
call it spacecraft if you will.
Non-human exotic origin vehicles
that have either landed or crashed.
I handpicked Dave Grusch
to be part of my UAP task force.
Everything that Dave uncovered is true.
but it barely scratches the surface.
There's a sophisticated disinformation
campaign targeting the US populace.
which is extremely unethical and immoral.
Have people been killed
to protect the secret?
That was an ongoing concern.
Dave has been working
tirelessly behind the scenes
with Congress as well.
and we were really poking the bear.
We were making a lot of progress.
We were getting
a lot of information to Congress.
um. and it wasn't necessarily symbiotic
with the Legacy Program in their desires.
I remember one evening. uh. I was
sitting with my wife on the front porch.
and I received a call.
I recognized the voice
of one of a friend of mine.
and he happened to be
one of staffers on the Hill.
and he was very shooken up and said.
"Listen. we had
a very interesting meeting on the Hill."
And an extremely. extremely
senior person in the US government
in the intelligence community
told Congress. for the record.
that there was a committee
of 27 individuals.
and I'm not going to go
into code names here.
that were mulling over the idea
of using extreme measures
to silence David and myself.
Kill us.
Now. people say.
"Oh. come on. that's conspiracy."
No. it's not.
We have done it before.
Under certain circumstances. we have
killed Americans without due process.
If they are a clear and present
national security threat.
we can kill Americans.
Now. it's not done very often. but we can.
Without a fair trial.
they just poof. disappear. right?
So here I am.
If I wind up in a month from now
floating in the Potomac somewhere.
you know what happened.
You know what happened. This is the truth.
What else you want to know?
Last year. House Intelligence
Committee held a hearing on UAPs.
They brought in some Pentagon bureaucrats
who only had two answers
to the questions they were asked.
"I don't know." or "That's classified."
This hearing is going to be different.
This time. we had credible witnesses
testifying before Congress
and American people under oath.
This was a tremendously proud moment
for my colleagues and myself
to watch the fire that we started
continue to grow.
The subcommittee hearing
on Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena.
or UAPs. will come to order.
The reality is the American public
deserves to know.
And you better be careful
about a government
that doesn't trust its people
because there's no telling
what they'll pull on you.
It's really important
that we're here in a bipartisan way
to have this conversation.
which is about national security.
The American public has a right to learn
about technologies of unknown origins.
non-human intelligence
and unexplainable phenomenon.
You solemnly swear or affirm that
the testimony you're about to give
is the truth. the whole truth. and nothing
but the truth. so help you God?
- Yes.
- Yep.
I was informed in the course
of my official duties
of a multi-decade UAP crash retrieval
and reverse engineering program.
I am hopeful that my actions will
ultimately lead to a positive outcome
of increased transparency.
We were primarily seeing dark gray
or black cubes inside of a clear sphere.
where the apex or tips of the cube
were touching the inside of that sphere.
Since the events initially occurred.
I've learned the objects
have been detected
essentially where all operations.
Navy operations are being
conducted across the world.
These objects have been observed
for over two weeks coming down
from over 80.000 feet.
rapidly descending to 20.000 feet.
hanging out for hours
and then going straight back up.
It wasn't until 2009. until Jay Stratton
had contacted me to investigate.
Unbeknownst to all. he was part
of the AATIP program in the Pentagon.
Are you aware of any individuals
that are participating
in reverse engineering programs
for non-terrestrial craft?
Personally. yes. Mm-hm.
Do you believe that our government
is in possession of UAPs?
I know the exact locations.
I actually had the people
with the first-hand knowledge.
um. provide a protected disclosure
to the inspector general.
Do we have the bodies
of the pilots who piloted this craft?
Biologics came with some
of these recoveries. Yeah.
- Non-human biologics?
- Non-human.
I was wondering if you could speak
a little bit about the interaction
between defense contractor companies
and any UAP-related
programs or activities.
The contractors.
"the metal benders." so to speak.
they're the ones actually doing specific
performance on government contracts.
How does a program like that get funded?
Misappropriation of funds.
Does that mean that there is money
in the budget
that is set to go to a program
but it doesn't.
and it goes to something else?
Yes. I have specific knowledge of that.
Mr. Graves and Fravor.
in the event that your encounters
had become hostile.
would you have had
the capability to defend yourself?
- Absolutely not. sir.
- No.
What we experienced was well beyond
the material science and the capabilities
that we had at the time.
that we have currently
or we're going to have
in the next 20 years.
We have nothing that can stop in midair
and go the other direction.
nor do we have anything that can.
like in our situation.
come down from space.
hangout for three hours and go back up.
Is it possible that these UAPs would be
probing our capabilities. yes or no?
- Mr. Graves?
- Yes.
-  Grusch?
- Yes. definitely.
Do you have any personal knowledge of
people who have been harmed or injured
in efforts to cover up or conceal
these extraterrestrial technology?
Yes.
Personally.
Anyone been murdered that you know of?
I have to be careful.
I directed people with that knowledge
to the appropriate authorities.
There clearly is a threat
to the national security
of the United States of America.
Brave witnesses here.
They took an oath to uphold
the constitution of the United States
and dadgummit. they're doing it.
and we owe them a debt of gratitude.
On Capitol Hill today. a bipartisan call
for more government transparency on UFOs.
One was asked about alien bodies.
two others talked about seeing UAPs.
The US government operates
a UFO crash retrieval program
and has a UFO and the remains
of "a non-human or non-human pilots
in its possession."
And when Dave Grusch
said the words non-human biologics.
there was an audible gasp.
I worked with David Grusch when we
both contributed to the UAP task force.
and everything he said under oath
to the Congress and what he put down
in his whistleblower complaint
is 100% true.
A Pentagon report is detailing
a dramatic increase in UFO sightings.
The Pentagon released its report
on UFO sightings today.
saying an additional 366 sightings
have been investigated since 2021.
Now the Defense Department is admitting
not just a couple of incidents.
hundreds of incidents.
scores of incidents
with multiple sensor systems.
multiple witnesses.
A NASA task force is holding
its first meeting on UFOs.
NASA commissioned an independent
study team to examine
unidentified anomalous phenomena.
and this is the first time
that NASA has taken concrete action
to seriously look into UAP.
Are we alone?
Personally. I don't think we are.
I wasn't prepared for the number
of incursions that I see.
This merging capability
outstrips the operational framework
that we have to address it.
Since mankind first started
developing atomic energy.
there has been consistent UAP activity
at sites involved with
the atomic and nuclear process.
We have evolved more technically
in the last 80 years
than we have
in the previous 200.000 years.
And the uptick in UAP activity
has increased in line
with our advancement
of harnessing energy.
We realized we are on the path
to exploiting the energy levels needed
to warp space-time.
and UAP have been observing
and clearly been interested
in our rapid progress.
Despite developing
massively new technologies.
we don't see
an equivalent moral increase
in how we deal with each other.
We are still invading
sovereign nations.
We're still threatening nuclear war
eighty years after dropping atomic bombs
that vaporized hundreds
of thousands of human beings.
Let's face it. we are a violent species.
So if I were a species
from somewhere else.
even if I were
a hidden species on the planet
who saw how we were coming up this curve
of. you know.
atomic energy and nuclear energy.
and then beginning to realize
what it takes to do
their kind of technologies
with warping time
and warping space and so on.
I can imagine that could be seen
as a threat to another species
because they would recognize
that once it's only a matter of time
and they're going to be doing
what we're doing
and then we're gonna have
to deal with them.
So it doesn't surprise me
that their highest priority would be
to identify what threats they might face
to learn everything about them.
This pattern of activity
seems to me utterly logical.
It seems to me to be
an extension of the evolutionary process
that governs life
writ large as we know it.
which is self-preservation is number one.
When I hear stories of either
nuclear weapons sites being shut down
or turned on. what that tells me
is something quite interesting.
First off is that something
has a technology capable of reaching
into our nuclear weapons systems
at a distance in ways
that we don't understand.
Okay. that's just capability.
But you ask the question about intent.
at the very least. what it tells me
is that they're showing us
what they can do to us at will
or with us or they can stop us.
Now. they didn't stop us from
blowing something up in Japan.
They didn't stop the first of the bombs.
At some level. they're willing to let us
see the consequences of our actions.
But at another level.
they're willing to also show us that
"You might think that you could
hurt us one day. but you can't."
"We really can just reach in and stop you
or cause you to blow each other up."
"Because at the end of the day.
you're getting in our way.
and you're really starting to annoy us."
So even though it has been reported
that some of our fighter pilots
have chased these objects
and even fired missiles at them.
there has not been
some kind of strong negative retaliation.
So it'd be pretty easy to come
to the conclusion they're friendly.
and that's fine.
and there's no real threat there.
But the truth of the matter is. uh.
you have to take into account. well.
under what condition.
you know. that might change.
For example. if you have ants
at the back of your yard.
uh. they're not a threat to you.
so that's fine.
but if they come and invade your house.
suddenly they're a threat.
And so it could be
the same in this situation.
So at least within the defense
and intelligence industry.
we automatically assume the worst
because we want to be prepared
against the worst if it should happen.
There's a concern within the defense
and intelligence communities
that UAPs have been undertaking
long-term surveillance
of human technological advancement
for the possibility that they may need
to intervene to prevent
a conflict between us and them.
One of the reasons that I am
so ardent about this issue is
because I think it has the potential
to change the perspective
and the outlook of world leaders
and the populations of those countries
to see more of what we have in common
and the challenges that we face together.
If we're gonna survive as a species.
we need unprecedented levels
of international collaboration.
I occasionally think how quickly
our differences worldwide
would vanish if we were facing
an alien threat from outside this world.
Thomas Jefferson once said.
"I'm not an advocate for frequent
changes in laws and constitutions."
"But laws and institutions
must go hand in hand
with the progress of the human mind."
"As that becomes more developed.
more enlightened.
as new discoveries are made.
new truths discovered and manners
and opinions change."
"With the change of circumstances.
institutions must advance
also to keep pace with the times."
Our current Senate leadership feels
the same as our founding fathers.
And throughout the fall of 2023.
my colleagues and I
met with Senate leadership
to help give them clarity on the facts
as they fought for the most historic
UAP legislation we've ever had.
Never in the history of our nation
have we ever seen any type
of legislation regarding UAP
that is as detailed and specific
and as directive as this one.
United States government has gathered
a great deal of information about UAPs
over many decades. but has refused
to share it with the American people.
That is wrong. and additionally
it breeds mistrust.
There is. we believe. information
and data that has been collected
by more than just
the Department of Defense.
but by other agencies of the
federal government as well.
Information on UAPs has also
been withheld from Congress.
which was a violation
of the laws requiring
full notification
to the legislative branch.
The bill I worked on with Senator Rounds
offered a common sense solution.
the Unidentified Anomalous
Phenomena Disclosure Act.
This would be the most aggressive
measure that we've frankly ever seen
in history when it comes to disclosure
about what the government knows
and has. as it relates to UAPs.
The measure would also give
the federal government control
over all recovered technologies
of unknown origin
and biological evidence
of non-human intelligence.
Eminent domain allows the US government
to take control of anything
for national security reasons
or for the betterment
of the American people.
A requirement as a transparency measure
for the government to obtain
any recovered UAP material
or biological remains
that may have been provided
to private entities in the past
and thereby hidden from Congress
and the American people.
The eminent domain section
was not crafted accidentally.
It was designed to be put in there
clearly to lay out our expectations.
Contractors may have information
that they have held.
or materials that they have held
over an extended period of time.
and this is our way of addressing it
and making it clear
that it should be delivered
in an appropriate fashion.
and that they need
to be negotiating with us now.
Their bipartisan plan
for more transparency
is getting some major pushback though.
The. um. defense contractors
give money legally
to a lot of my colleagues that provide
a great deal of the pushback on this.
There's a lot of money coming from
the defense industry to support
elected officials with their campaigns.
And then when the time comes for these
elected officials to try to get
to the bottom of things.
they're compromised.
Something with the capabilities
of traveling light years.
not showing a heat signature
and the energy capabilities of that.
that would put the Pentagon
out of business.
We wouldn't be fighting these
worthless wars overseas over oil
and American boys and girls
wouldn't be dying.
It would put war pigs out of business.
Unfortunately.
there was too much resistance
and the most historic elements of the
proposed legislation did not become law.
We've got a big mess on our hands.
We've got 80 years of lies and deception
that quite frankly ruined
a lot of people's lives.
and nobody wants
to take responsibility for that.
This is not an endeavor here
to go out and punish anyone.
But nonetheless. we would need to know
what they learnt. taxpayers paid for this.
And I think offering amnesty
is extremely important.
Let the past stay in the past.
then collectively move forward.
It's essential we keep
working on our proposal.
I'd like to just acknowledge
my dear friend. the late Harry Reid.
a mentor who cared
about this issue a great deal.
So he's looking down and smiling on us.
but he's also importuning us
to get the rest of this done.
which we will do everything
we can to make happen.
But where there was smoke. there was
a fire. and Congress is now aware of it.
And so what that allows us to do
is circle the wagons and try again.
Welcome to today's historic hearing.
There are certain individuals
who didn't want this hearing to happen
because they feared
what might be disclosed.
Do you solemnly swear to affirm that
the testimony that you are about to give
is the truth. the whole truth.
and nothing but the truth.
so help you God?
I do.
Has the government conducted secret
UAP crash retrieval programs? Yes or no?
Yes.
Were they designed to identify and
reverse engineer alien craft. yes or no?
Yes.
Excessive secrecy
has led to grave misdeeds
against loyal civil servants.
military personnel. and the public
all to hide the fact
that we are not alone in the cosmos.
The US is in possession
of UAP technologies.
as are some of our adversaries.
We are in the midst
of a multi-decade secretive arms race.
One funded
by misallocated taxpayer dollars
and hidden from our elected
representatives and oversight bodies.
Now that we know UAP
are interacting with humanity.
we should not turn a blind eye.
but instead boldly face
this new reality and learn from it.
One of the most important actions
that can be taken relative to exposing
the truth of UAP is to combat the stigma.
NASA personnel stepping forward
and participating in such discussions
would make a powerful statement
to the scientific community
that UAP should be taken seriously
and researched accordingly.
To the incoming administration
and Congress.
I say to you. we need
immediate public transparency.
and this hearing
is an important step on that journey.
The truth is out there.
We just need to be bold enough
and brave enough to face it.
America wants their pizzas
in 30 minutes or less.
and that's about our attention span.
And I think the Legacy Program is. um--
They think that America
will draw its attention somewhere else.
and I just don't think that's the case.
I think we've let the fuse.
I think the American people
are ready to receive the truth.
Sitting here
in a Senate building
recognizing what change
has been occurring.
I never thought I'd see
this day come frankly.
And now that I see it here.
I am unbelievably hopeful
that it's going to filter down
into our society
to where everyone realizes
that the human species
is actually in a melting pot
of many species throughout the galaxy.
What I expect to come out of that is.
first of all. a greater appreciation
of what it means to be a human.
And to me. that kind of change
on the human character
is probably more significant
than what we can learn about
atoms and molecules
and propulsion systems.
My grandchildren are going to grow up
taking into account
and thinking about the fact
that the universe.
uh.  is full of life.
We're on the threshold
of an entirely different understanding
of the universe
and our place within it
and technological opportunities
and possibilities
that were the stuff of science fiction
just a few years ago.
The people behind the Legacy Program
truly believe
that the secret is so intense
that they can't share it
with the American people.
There may be aspects of this
that are so intense they can't share it.
However. I think the basic fact
that we are not alone in the universe.
we can share that
with the American people.
We can handle it at this point.
Hopefully one day. the American people
will learn the bigger story
and how it impacts us all.
I want to tell the American people
what I know.
but I can't because a vast majority
of it remains highly classified.
I feel tremendous pressure
to share what I can
because I know there will come a time
where we all wish
we had done things differently.
That moment is imminent.
and when that moment comes.
I know people will say. "I wish
somebody would've told me sooner."
Remember. as far as we've come.
we are still only just beginning
the greatest paradigm shift
in human history.
the age of disclosure.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm